Rewrite tutorial to use the scaffold tool (#204)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: nameservice/tutorial/21-build-run.md

## Building the `nameservice` application

> If you want to build the `nameservice` application in this repo to see the functionalities, **Go 1.13.0+** is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo contains a complete `nameservice` application. If you want to build this completed version **Go 1.13.0+** is required.
```
